hello there my name is Balrog the one
from cave story not the one from Street
Fighter and if you're watching this
video let me just be the first to say
welcome to my game room I play Nintendo
games here could have guessed that co2
so being to have a Nintendo fan that I
am I decided to create videos about it
whether it be through reviews history
segments or you just being random
goofball it's usually the third one by
the way my first that main segment is
called be ngr or ball rugs Nintendo game
room swear if someone asked me what that
stands for in the comments of your day
no in fact you were already dead so you
don't even have to worry about just keep
watching okay in this segment I
literally review any game that's ever
been on a Nintendo system and I let you
know if it's worth your time or not and
give it a score and recommend the tube
simple as that and if you've already
watch those episodes stay tuned I'm
coming back with a bng our season two
very very soon which is more refined
more jokes it's going to be great just
hang on a few more weeks and you'll have
yourself a good time my second segment
is called the Tendo 101 where I take any
Nintendo franchise and let you know
about its history unfortunately these
take a little bit longer because they
require more research but I already have
six of them waiting for you so you can
go ahead and description and check those
out too and for people who have already
seen those i have a zelda 1 and a super
smash bros one in the works but
unfortunately i'm in college so I don't
know when though vm so you gotta work
with me on this one sorry
and third or all my spin-off series oh
man I got tons of them I got the perfect
sequel where I get five ways a series
could improve power review but just
literally just a short review of a
modern game Balrog versus the internet
which is pretty much just my two cents
on what I think about any kind of topic
in the gaming industry and the da de vis
oh man they're so stupid but the good
kind of stupid like that one kid at the
lunch table who always like took the
hamburgers and like you know ripped it
up and stuffed it up his nose and
everyone thought he was funny that was
me so that's all my channel has to offer
so it was nice meeting you and hopefully
I'll see you all my videos not you know
that's okay it was also good was it was
a pleasure I hope you have a great life
I'm gonna miss you I don't even know
where you are and I already miss you do
look nice I like your shirt you know
stay if you want it's like I have
friends
why barrio I think you love